com/example/robocoderobotcreator/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.BuildConfig
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/RobotBlueprint.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.RobotBlueprint
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/ComboBlock.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.ComboBlock
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/events/OnScannedRobot.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.events.OnScannedRobot
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/radar/SetAdjustRadarForRobotTurn.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.radar.SetAdjustRadarForRobotTurn
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/view/adapters/RobotsRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.view.adapters.RobotsRecyclerAdapter
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.view.adapters.RobotsRecyclerAdapter$OnRobotListener
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.view.adapters.RobotsRecyclerAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/weapons/TurnGunLeft.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.weapons.TurnGunLeft
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/radar/TurnRadarLeft.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.radar.TurnRadarLeft
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/events/ElseBlock.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.events.ElseBlock
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/radar/SetAdjustRadarForGunTurn.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.radar.SetAdjustRadarForGunTurn
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/weapons/TurnGunRight.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.weapons.TurnGunRight
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/radar/TurnRadarRight.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.radar.TurnRadarRight
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/weapons/Fire.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.weapons.Fire
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/view/BasicBlockView.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.view.BasicBlockView
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.view.BasicBlockView$1
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/Block.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.Block
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/Category.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.Category
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/movement/Ahead.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.movement.Ahead
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/events/OnHitWall.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.events.OnHitWall
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/events/IfBlock.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.events.IfBlock
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/Translator.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.Translator
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/ParametrizedBlock.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.ParametrizedBlock
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/movement/Back.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.movement.Back
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/movement/TurnLeft.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.movement.TurnLeft
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/movement/TurnRight.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.movement.TurnRight
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/events/Run.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.events.Run
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/model/events/WhileBlock.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.model.events.WhileBlock
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/support/RobotDataManager.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.support.RobotDataManager
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/MainActivity.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.MainActivity
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/RobotEditorActivity.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.RobotEditorActivity
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.RobotEditorActivity$1
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.RobotEditorActivity$CustomDragListener
com/example/robocoderobotcreator/RobotEditorInventoryActivity.java
 com.example.robocoderobotcreator.RobotEditorInventoryActivity
